DX-75 Update Command API: `cy.intercept`, Phase I (#3900)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/api/commands/intercept.md

title: intercept
---

> Cypress intercepts requests at the network layer including `XMLHttpRequest` (XHR) and `fetch`. Use `cy.intercept` to manage the behavior of these intercepted requests, including:

Author: ```suggestion
Cypress captures requests at the network layer including `XMLHttpRequest` (XHR) and `fetch`. Use `cy.intercept` to manage the behavior of these requests, including:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Cypress routes all HTTP requests including `XMLHttpRequest` (XHR) and `fetch` through its proxy. Use `cy.intercept` to manage the behavior of these requests, including:
```

> Cypress intercepts requests at the network layer including `XMLHttpRequest` (XHR) and `fetch`. Use `cy.intercept` to manage the behavior of these intercepted requests, including:

Author: ```suggestion
Cypress routes all HTTP requests - including `XMLHttpRequest` (XHR) and `fetch` - through its proxy. Use `cy.intercept` to manage the behavior of these requests, including:
```

> Cypress intercepts requests at the network layer including `XMLHttpRequest` (XHR) and `fetch`. Use `cy.intercept` to manage the behavior of these intercepted requests, including:

Reviewer: that sounds good

> - Waiting on HTTP requests to complete before executing commands.
> - Making assertions and modifying (statically or dynamically):
>   - the request made by your front-end application.
>   - the response from your back-end service.
> - Mocking all or some of your backend API by stubbing out responses.
> - Simulating different client connections by throttling data transfer rate.
> - Simulating back-end service bottlenecks by adding a delay to the response.
> - Simulating a 3rd-party API outage by forcing a network error.

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO add links to examples -->
- Waiting on HTTP requests to complete before executing commands.
- Making assertions and modifying (statically or dynamically):
  - the request made by your front-end application.
  - the response from your back-end service.
- Mocking all or some of your backend API by stubbing out responses.
- Simulating different client connections by throttling data transfer rate.
- Simulating back-end service bottlenecks by adding a delay to the response.
- Simulating a 3rd-party API outage by forcing a network error.
```

<Alert type="warning">

> `cy.route` was replaced by `cy.intercept` in Version 6.0.0. See [Comparison to `cy.route`](#Comparison-to-cy-route).

Author: ```suggestion
`cy.intercept()` is recommended over `cy.route()` as of Cypress 6.0.0. See [Comparison to `cy.route`](#Comparison-to-cy-route).
```

</Alert>

## Syntax and Usage

#### Without `routeHandler` (Spying Only)

> 

Author: Thanks!

> 

Reviewer: Just keeping this open as a reminder to re-check this

> 

Author: Yes, I plan to add some details under each of the two Usage sub-headings.

> 

Author: done

```js
cy.intercept(url)
cy.intercept(method, url)
cy.intercept(routeMatcher)
```

> #### With `routeHandler` (Request/Response Modification and Spying)

Author: I considered using the term, _stubbing_ but it seems to imply responding immediately with a fake response. Trust me - I really am trying to maintain technical accuracy and integrity without being pedantic and inefficient 😄

> #### With `routeHandler` (Request/Response Modification and Spying)

Author: I'll add some additional context as you suggested.

> #### With `routeHandler` (Request/Response Modification and Spying)

Author: I'll also clarify stubbing elsewhere.

```js
cy.intercept(url, routeHandler)
cy.intercept(method, url, routeHandler)
cy.intercept(routeMatcher, routeHandler)
cy.intercept(url, routeMatcher, routeHandler)
```

<Alert type="warning">

All intercepts are automatically cleared before every test.

> </Alert>

Author: Yeah, I have no idea where else to put that. I'll give it some thought...

> </Alert>

Author: If I think of a better place for this, I'll move it 😄

**<Icon name="check-circle" color="green"></Icon> Correct Usage**

```js
cy.intercept('/users/**')
cy.intercept('GET', '/users*')
cy.intercept({ method: 'get', url: '/users*', hostname: 'localhost' })
cy.intercept({ method: 'POST', url: '/users*' }, { success: true })
cy.intercept('/users*', { hostname: 'localhost' }, (req) => {
  /* do something with request */
})
```

**<Icon name="exclamation-triangle" color="red"></Icon> Incorrect Usage**

```js
cy.intercept('GET')
// `method` argument must be passed in with `url`
cy.intercept({ success: true })
// `routeHandler` cannot be passed in by itself
cy.intercept('/users*', { method: 'GET' })
// `url` with `routeMatcher` requires `routeHandler`
cy.intercept('GET', '/users*', { hostname: 'localhost' })
// `method` can't be passed in with `routeMatcher`
cy.intercept('GET', '/users*', { hostname: 'localhost' }, { success: true })

> // this command only accepts up to three arguments

Author: I'll have to think about an alternate way of presenting this. In the meantime, since this was @amirrustam's suggestion,  I'd like to give him an opportunity to chime in.

> // this command only accepts up to three arguments

Author: I can remove this and punt an issue to the next iteration to figure it out.

> // this command only accepts up to three arguments

Author: See DX-183

```

### Arguments

#### **<Icon name="angle-right"></Icon> url** **_(String, Glob, RegExp)_**

> This value can be passed in via [`routeMatcher`][] instead. See below.

Author: Good catch. I'll fix that and see what that looks like in an `info` component.

> This value can be passed in via [`routeMatcher`][] instead. See below.

Author: done

> Specify the URL to match. See [Matching `url`](#match-url) for examples.

Author: I agree. I think it was at one point.

> Specify the URL to match. See [Matching `url`](#match-url) for examples.

Author: done

#### **<Icon name="angle-right"></Icon> method** **_(String)_**

Specify the [HTTP method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods) (`GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, etc.) to match on.

<Alert type="bolt">

If no `method` is provided, Cypress will match _all_ HTTP methods (`*` wildcard) by default.

</Alert>

#### **<Icon name="angle-right"></Icon> routeMatcher** **_(`RouteMatcher`)_**

`routeMatcher` is an object used to match which incoming HTTP requests will be handled by this route.

All properties are optional. All properties that are set must match for the route to handle a request. If a `string` is passed to any property, it will be glob-matched against the request using [`minimatch`](https://github.com/isaacs/minimatch).The available `routeMatcher` properties are listed below:

| Option     | Description                                                                                     |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | auth       | `username` and `password` used in HTTP Basic Authentication (`object`)                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| auth       | HTTP Basic Authentication (`object` with keys `username` and `password`)                          |
```

> | auth       | `username` and `password` used in HTTP Basic Authentication (`object`)                          |

Reviewer: Works for me, I felt it should be more of a sentence-style description, but this is in line with the others, so....

```js
// match any request that exactly matches the URL
cy.intercept('https://prod.cypress.io/users')

// match any request that satisfies a glob pattern
cy.intercept('/users?_limit=*')

// match any request that satisfies a regex pattern
cy.intercept(/\/users\?_limit=(3|5)$/)
```

### Matching `method`

<Alert type="warning">

If you don't pass in a [`method` argument][arg-method], then all HTTP methods (`GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, etc.) will match.

</Alert>

```js
cy.intercept('/users')
// matches this: GET http://localhost/users
// ...and this, too: POST http://localhost/users

cy.intercept('GET', '/users')
// matches this: GET http://localhost/users
// ...but not this: POST http://localhost/users
```

### Aliasing a Route

While `cy.intercept` doesn't yield anything, you can chain [`.as`](/api/commands/as) to it to create an [alias](/guides/core-concepts/variables-and-aliases#Aliases):

```js
cy.intercept('GET', '/users').as('getAllUsers')
cy.intercept('POST', '/users').as('createUser')
```

<Alert type="info">

> For aliasing requests with GraphQL, see [Aliasing individual GraphQL requests](#Aliasing-individual-GraphQL-requests).

Author: @flotwig here's blurb referencing gql

## Examples

> ### Matching `url`

Author: @matthamil @amirrustam I created DX-144 to fix the inline code formatting of the text in the right `nav` element

```js
// match any request that exactly matches the URL
cy.intercept('https://prod.cypress.io/users')

// match any request that satisfies a glob pattern
cy.intercept('/users?_limit=+(3|5)')

// match any request that satisfies a regex pattern
cy.intercept(/\/users\?_limit=(3|5)$/)
```

### Matching `method`

<Alert type="warning">

If you don't pass in a [`method` argument][arg-method], then all HTTP methods (`GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, etc.) will match.

</Alert>

```js
cy.intercept('/users')
// matches this: GET http://localhost/users
// ...and this, too: POST http://localhost/users

cy.intercept('GET', '/users')
// matches this: GET http://localhost/users
// ...but not this: POST http://localhost/users
```

### Aliasing a Route

While `cy.intercept` doesn't yield anything, you can chain [`.as`](/api/commands/as) to it to create an [alias](/guides/core-concepts/variables-and-aliases#Aliases):

```js
cy.intercept('GET', '/users').as('getAllUsers')
cy.intercept('POST', '/users').as('createUser')
```

> <Alert type="info">

Author: I was hoping for this kind of feedback because I agree with you but I've been neck-deep in this for so long that it's almost impossible to have that perspective.

> <Alert type="info">

Author: Done

For aliasing requests with GraphQL, see [Aliasing individual GraphQL requests](#Aliasing-individual-GraphQL-requests).

</Alert>

<Alert type="info">

> `cy.intercept` can be used to passively listen for matching routes and apply aliases to them without manipulating the request or its response in any way. As you'll see, this alone is powerful as it allows you to wait for these requests, resulting in more reliable tests.

Author: ```suggestion
`cy.intercept` can be used solely for spying: to passively listen for matching routes and apply aliases to them without manipulating the request or its response in any way. This alone is powerful as it allows you to wait for these requests, resulting in more reliable tests.
```

> 

Author: Unfortunately, a newline buffer around `Alert` tags is necessary.

> 

Reviewer: can you create a work item to fix `<Alert>` please? this seems wrong

cy.wait('@search')
```

```ts
cy.intercept({
  pathname: '/search',
  query: {
    q: 'some terms',
  },
}).as('searchForTerms')
// this 'cy.wait' will only resolve once a request is made to '/search'
// with the query paramater 'q=some+terms'
cy.wait('@searchForTerms')

cy.intercept(
  {
    // this RegExp matches any URL beginning with 'http://api.example.com/widgets'

>     url: /^http:\/\/api\.example\.com\/widgets/,

Author: @flotwig this suggestion doesn't make any sense without changing the comment also. What would be a better regex example?

    headers: {
      'x-requested-with': 'exampleClient',
    },
  },
  (req) => {
    // only requests to URLs starting with 'http://api.example.com/widgets'

>     // having the header 'x-requested-with: exampleClient' will be received

Author: ```suggestion
    // and having the header 'x-requested-with: exampleClient' will be intercepted
```

>     // having the header 'x-requested-with: exampleClient' will be received

Reviewer: ooh even better, *intercepted*

})
```

> ##### You can chain [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) to assert against request/response cycles:

Author: I was given direction to make examples like this directly linkable. This might help:

```suggestion
##### Assert against request/response cycles:
```

> ##### You can chain [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) to assert against request/response cycles:

Author: I'll create an issue for level-5 header style (used for linking examples).

> ##### You can chain [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) to assert against request/response cycles:

Reviewer: yeah fair, linking is good. but the style is wack. new issue sounds good... it should probably block this. just a minor font tweak though

> ##### You can chain [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) to assert against request/response cycles:

Author: @amirrustam any objection to taking these L5 headers out until the styling is fixed?

> ##### You can chain [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) to assert against request/response cycles:

Author: reverted all changes where L5 header was added since they look like crap and they're not linkable anyway (see DX-86)

cy.wait('@someRoute').its('response.body').should('include', 'id')
```

#### Aliasing individual requests

Aliases can be set on a per-request basis by setting the `alias` property of the intercepted request:

```js
cy.intercept('POST', '/graphql', (req) => {
  if (req.body.hasOwnProperty('query') && req.body.query.includes('mutation')) {
    req.alias = 'gqlMutation'
  }
})

// assert that a matching request has been made
cy.wait('@gqlMutation')

> ```

Author: I thought I added a blurb with a link to the other section. Maybe it was in the other PR. I'll fix it.

> ```

Author: Yup, I added a blurb.

cy.intercept('/projects', staticResponse)
```

> ##### Stub a response with a JSON body

Author: See first convo

```js
cy.intercept('/projects', {
  body: [{ projectId: '1' }, { projectId: '2' }],
})
```

> ##### Stub headers, status code, and body all at once

Reviewer: https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/3900#discussion_r625956781

**Note:** the new header will NOT be shown in the browser's Network tab, as the request has already left the browser. You can still confirm the header was added by waiting on the intercept as shown below:

> ##### Waiting on the intercept

Author: see first convo re:L5 headings

</Alert>

### Request/Response Modification with `routeHandler`

To modify the outgoing request, stub a response, make assertions, etc., simply specify [`routeHandler`][arg-routehandler] as the last argument.

<!-- TODO DX-188 emphasize the usage of StaticResponse as the routeHandler -->

If a function is passed as the `routeHandler`, it will be called with the intercepted HTTP request:

```js
cy.intercept('/api', (req) => {
  // do something with the intercepted request
})
```

From here, you can do several things with the intercepted request:

<!-- TODO DX-190 add links to examples -->

- modify and make assertions on the request like its body, headers, URL, method, etc.
- stub out the response without interacting with a real back-end
- pass the request through to its destination and modify or make assertions on the real response on its way back
- attach listeners to various events on the request

#### Asserting on a request

> You can use the request handler callback to make an assertion on the Intercepted Request Object before it is sent.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the request handler callback to make an assertion on the [intercepted request object][req] before it is sent.
```

```js
// modify the request body before it's sent to its destination
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.body = {
    name: 'Peter Pan',
  }
})

// add a header to an outgoing request
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.headers['x-custom-header'] = 'added by cy.intercept'
})

// modify an existing header
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.headers['authorization'] = 'Basic YWxhZGRpbjpvcGVuc2VzYW1l'
})
```

#### Verifying the request modification

```js
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.headers['x-custom-header'] = 'added by cy.intercept'
}).as('createUser')

cy.get('button.save').click()
// you can see the headers in the console output by selecting this line in the command log:
cy.wait('@createUser')
  // ...or make an assertion:
  .its('request.headers')
  .should('have.property', 'x-custom-header', 'added by cy.intercept')
```

<Alert type="warning">

The request modification cannot be verified by inspecting the browser's network traffic (for example, in Chrome DevTools), since the browser logs network traffic _before_ Cypress can intercept it.

</Alert>

<Alert type="warning">

> `cy.intercept()` cannot be debugged using `cy.request()`](/api/commands/request)! Cypress only intercepts requests made by your front-end application.

Author: ```suggestion
`cy.intercept()` cannot be debugged using [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request)! Cypress only intercepts requests made by your front-end application.
```

</Alert>

#### Controlling the response

The intercepted request passed to the route handler (hereafter referred to as `req`, though you can use any name) contains methods to dynamically control the response to a request:

- `req.reply()` - stub out a response requiring no dependency on a real back-end
- `req.continue()` - modify or make assertions on the real response
- `req.destroy()` - destroy the request and respond with a network error
- `req.redirect()` - respond to the request with a redirect to a specified location
- `req.on()` - modify the response by attaching to events

> Stubbing out a response (`reply`):
> 
> `req.reply()` takes a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse] object as the first argument:

Author: ```suggestion
Stubbing out a response (`req.reply()`):

`req.reply()` takes a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse] object as the first argument:
```

</Alert>

### Request/Response Modification with `routeHandler`

> Specifying a `routeHandler` as the last argument to `cy.intercept` is what's required to leverage capabilities beyond just spying routes.

Author: This is an example of why _modify_ is a more fitting term than _stub_.

> Specifying a `routeHandler` as the last argument to `cy.intercept` is what's required to leverage capabilities beyond just spying routes.

Author: fixed

> <!-- TODO emphasize the usage of StaticResponse as the routeHandler -->

Author: I'll
```suggestion
<!-- TODO DX-188 emphasize the usage of StaticResponse as the routeHandler -->
```

> <!-- TODO emphasize the usage of StaticResponse as the routeHandler -->

Author: Thanks for catching this one. I don't know how the rest of the team feels but TODOs must be accompanied by some proof of accountability (i.e. an issue or task).

> <!-- TODO emphasize the usage of StaticResponse as the routeHandler -->

Reviewer: love it :+1:

If a function is passed as the `routeHandler`, it will be called with the intercepted HTTP request:

```js
cy.intercept('/api', (req) => {
  // do something with the intercepted request
})
```

From here, you can do several things with the intercepted request:

- modify and make assertions on the request like its body, headers, URL, method, etc.
- stub out the response without interacting with a real back-end
- pass the request through to its destination and modify or make assertions on the real response on its way back

> - attach listeners to various events on the request

Author: Yeah, I'll create a task.

> - modify and make assertions on the request like its body, headers, URL, method, etc.
> - stub out the response without interacting with a real back-end
> - pass the request through to its destination and modify or make assertions on the real response on its way back
> - attach listeners to various events on the request

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO DX-190 add links to examples -->
- modify and make assertions on the request like its body, headers, URL, method, etc.
- stub out the response without interacting with a real back-end
- pass the request through to its destination and modify or make assertions on the real response on its way back
- attach listeners to various events on the request
```

#### Asserting on a request

```js
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {

>   expect(req.body).to.include('Peter Pan')

Author: done

})
```

> You can use the request handler callback to make an assertion on the Intercepted Request Object modify the request before it is sent.

Author: copy-pasta

> You can use the request handler callback to make an assertion on the Intercepted Request Object modify the request before it is sent.

Author: fixed

> You can use the request handler callback to make an assertion on the Intercepted Request Object modify the request before it is sent.

Author: OK that should be fixed now.

#### Controlling the outgoing request

> 

Author: ```suggestion
The outgoing request, including its body, headers, etc., can be modified before it's sent.
```

```js
// modify the request body before it's sent to its destination
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.body = {
    name: 'Peter Pan',
  }
})

// add a header to an outgoing request
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.headers['x-custom-header'] = 'added by cy.intercept'
})

// modify an existing header
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.headers['Authorization'] = 'Basic YWxhZGRpbjpvcGVuc2VzYW1l'
})
```

#### Verifying the request modification

```js
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.headers['x-custom-header'] = 'added by cy.intercept'
}).as('createUser')

cy.get('button.save').click()
// you can see the headers in the console output by selecting this line in the command log:
cy.wait('@createUser')
  // ...or make an assertion:
  .its('request.headers')
  .should('have.property', 'x-custom-header', 'added by cy.intercept')

> ```

Author: This is a refinement of an example that was already in there (that I wrapped in a subsection). I'm indifferent but _someone_ thought it was helpful. While I want to trim down this doc as much as possible I don't want to remove examples that could be helpful.

<Alert type="warning">

> 

Author: 😞

> The request modification cannot be verified by inspecting the browser's network traffic, since the browser logs network traffic _before_ Cypress can intercept it.

Author: ```suggestion
The request modification cannot be verified by inspecting the browser's network traffic (for example, in Chrome DevTools), since the browser logs network traffic _before_ Cypress can intercept it.
```

</Alert>

<Alert type="warning">

While [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request) is used to manually send requests, `cy.intercept()` only intercepts those sent by your front-end application. Therefore, `cy.intercept()` cannot be debugged using [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request).

> </Alert>

Author: I could move this to the top where I mention the proxy, under the blurb about `cy.route`

> <Alert type="warning">
> 
> While [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request) is used to manually send requests, `cy.intercept()` only intercepts those sent by your front-end application. Therefore, `cy.intercept()` cannot be debugged using [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request).
> 
> </Alert>

Author: ```suggestion
<Alert type="warning">

`cy.intercept()` cannot be debugged using `cy.request()`](/api/commands/request)! Cypress only intercepts requests made by your front-end application.

</Alert>
```

> </Alert>

Author: What if I were to make a request in a test with plain-old JS?

> </Alert>

Reviewer: @mccataldo 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1151760/117730561-0fbe8e00-b1dc-11eb-9995-3a88414cd553.png)

> </Alert>

Author: oops - I'll fix that

> </Alert>

Author: That should be fixed now

#### Controlling the response

> The intercepted request passed to the route handler contains methods to dynamically control the response to a request:

Author: I provided a link for now.

- `reply` - stub out a response requiring no dependency on a real back-end
- `continue` - modify or make assertions on the real response
- `destroy` - destroy the request and respond with a network error
- `redirect` - respond to the request with a redirect to a specified location
- `on` - modify the response by attaching to events

##### Stubbing out a response (`reply`)

> The `reply` method takes a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse] object as an input:

Author: There's a _second_ argument?

> The `reply` method takes a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse] object as an input:

Reviewer: Yes, you can pass shorthand, like `req.reply(body, headers)`:

https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/blob/de06decd62de4a4d8c9c2f5f094f4cdb527809cf/packages/net-stubbing/lib/external-types.ts#L166-L181

> The `reply` method takes a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse] object as an input:

Reviewer: this does not appear to have been resolved

```js
// stub out the response without interacting with a real back-end
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.reply({
    headers: {
      Set-Cookie: 'newUserName=Peter Pan;'
    },
    statusCode: 201,
    body: {
      name: 'Peter Pan'
    },
    delay: 10, // milliseconds
    throttleKbps: 1000, // to simulate a 3G connection
    forceNetworkError: false // default
  })
})

// stub out a response body using a fixture
cy.intercept('GET', '/users', (req) => {
  req.reply({
    statusCode: 200, // default
    fixture: 'users.json'
  })
})
```

See [`StaticResponse` objects][staticresponse] below for more information.

The `reply` method also supports shorthand to avoid having to specify a `StaticResponse` object:

```js
req.reply(body) // equivalent to `req.reply({ body })`
req.reply(body, headers) // equivalent to `req.reply({ body, headers })`
req.reply(statusCode, body, headers) // equivalent to `req.reply({ statusCode, body, headers})`
```

<Alert type="bolt">

Note: Calling `reply()` will end the request phase and stop the request from propagating to the next matching request handler in line. See [Interception Lifecycle][lifecycle].

</Alert>

> 

Author: OK, I linked to it for now.

##### Modifying the real response (`continue`)

The `continue` method accepts a function which is passed an object representing the real response being intercepted on its way back to the client (your front-end application).

```js
// pass the request through and make an assertion on the real response
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.continue((res) => {
    expect(res.body).to.include('Peter Pan')
  })
})
```

> 

Author: Yeah I linked to it

##### Responding with a network error (`destroy`)

```js
// destroy the request and respond with a network error
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.destroy()
})
```

##### Responding with a new location (`redirect`)

```js
// respond to this request with a redirect to a new 'location'
cy.intercept('GET', '/users', (req) => {
  // statusCode defaults to `302`

>   req.redirect((location: '/404Page'), (statusCode: 404))

Author: ```suggestion
  req.redirect('/customers', 301)
```

})
```

##### Responding by listening to events (`on`)

```js
cy.intercept('GET', '/users', (req) => {
  req.on('before:response', (res) => {
    // do something when the `before:response` event is triggered
  })
})
cy.intercept('POST', '/users', (req) => {
  req.on('response', (res) => {
    // do something when the `response` event is triggered
  })
})
```

See example for throttling a response

> See more examples of events

Author: OK I'll add a task

> See example for throttling a response
> See more examples of events

Author: ```suggestion
See example for [throttling a response](#Throttle-or-delay-response-all-incoming-responses)
See more examples of [events](#Request-events)
```

Instead of passing a plain object or string to `req.reply()`, you can also pass a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse] object. With a [`StaticResponse`][staticresponse], you can force a network error, delay/throttle the response, send a fixture, and more.

> #### Serve a dynamically chosen fixture with a delay of 500ms

Author: I agree. This is part of the L5 heading discussion.

> #### Serve a dynamically chosen fixture with a delay of 500ms

Reviewer: can the suggestion be committed? the heading doesn't belong there i don't think, outside the L5 discussion

The response object (`res`) yielded to response handlers has several properties from the HTTP response itself. All of the following properties on `res` can be modified:

| Property      | Description                        |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| body          | response body (`object`, `string`) |
| headers       | response headers (`object`)        |
| statusCode    | response status code (`number`)    |
| statusMessage | response status message (`string`) |

> **Note about `body`:** If the response header contains `Content-Type: application/json` and the body contains valid JSON, this will be an `object`. And if the body contains binary content, this will be a buffer.

Author: aesthetics

> **Note about `body`:** If the response header contains `Content-Type: application/json` and the body contains valid JSON, this will be an `object`. And if the body contains binary content, this will be a buffer.

Reviewer: developer aesthetics = having all the docs for the property in one place

> **Note about `body`:** If the response header contains `Content-Type: application/json` and the body contains valid JSON, this will be an `object`. And if the body contains binary content, this will be a buffer.

Author: It's subjective. I'm going with the majority on this one.

`res` also has some optional properties which can be set to control Cypress-specific behavior:

| Property     | Description                                                                 |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| throttleKbps | Maximum data transfer rate of the response (kilobits/second)                |

> | delay        | Minimum network latency or delay to add to the response time (milliseconds) |

Author: Another subjective one where the scale is tipped to the side of keeping it.

> | delay        | Minimum network latency or delay to add to the response time (milliseconds) |

Reviewer: I still think this is a step backward... I'm not sure what the "scale" is tipped by, but this is not an intuitive description as a developer

    }
  })
})

> ````

Author: This one should be resolved.

The following properties are available on `StaticResponse`. All properties are optional:

| Option            | Description                                                                 |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| fixture           | Serve a fixture as the HTTP response body                                   |
| body              | Serve a static string/JSON object as the response body                      |
| headers           | HTTP response headers                                                       |
| statusCode        | HTTP response status code                                                   |

> | forceNetworkError | Force an error by destroying the browser session                            |

Author: Are we not destroying the browser session?

> | forceNetworkError | Force an error by destroying the browser session                            |

Reviewer: What is a session? Is it a backend concept? Is it a user session cookie? Is it a consecutive series of page loads on a website? Is it a TCP session? Session is a nebulous term, `forceNetworkError` "destroying the browser session" is only true for some of these definitions.

`forceNetworkError` calls `.destroy()` on the socket between the Cypress proxy and the browser for that request, and that causes a TCP connection reset, which presents itself in browser as a network error.

In the docs, we call it "destroying the browser connection":

```js
  /**
   * If 'forceNetworkError' is truthy, Cypress will destroy the browser connection
   * and send no response. Useful for simulating a server that is not reachable.
   * Must not be set in combination with other options.
   */
  forceNetworkError?: boolean
```

So like... "network error", "connection", "socket", some of these make sense to use, I don't think "session" is exactly right though.

> | forceNetworkError | Force an error by destroying the browser session                            |

Author: Gotcha. I thought I saw a reference to the browser session somewhere. If I find it, I'll fix it there, too.

| delay             | Minimum network latency or delay to add to the response time (milliseconds) |

> | throttleKbps      | Maximum data transfer rate of the response (kilobits/second)                |

Author: same response as before

   - If a Promise is returned, await it.
9. End the response phase.

> ## Glob Pattern Matching URLs

Author: This section is more than 3 times the size of the Matching URL section, so it seemed awkward there, too.

> ## Glob Pattern Matching URLs

Author: I don't think it's necessary for this iteration, tbh.

> ## Glob Pattern Matching URLs

Reviewer: alright

//   http://localhost/users?_limit=5
```

### Cypress.minimatch

Under the hood, Cypress uses the [minimatch](/api/utilities/minimatch) library for glob matching and provides access to it via the `Cypress` global.
This enables you to test your pattern in the Test Runner browser console.

You can invoke the `Cypress.minimatch` with just two arguments - the URL (`string`) and the pattern (`string`), respectively - and if it yields `true`, then you have a match!

```javascript
// executed in the Test Runner browser console:
Cypress.minimatch('http://localhost/users?_limit=3', '/users?_limit=+(3|5)')
// true
Cypress.minimatch('http://localhost/users?_limit=5', '/users?_limit=+(3|5)')
// true
Cypress.minimatch('http://localhost/users?_limit=7', '/users?_limit=+(3|5)')
// false
```

#### minimatch options

You can also pass in options (`object`) as the third argument, one of which is `debug` which if set to `true`, will yield verbose output that could help you understand why your pattern isn't working as you expect:

```js
Cypress.minimatch('http://localhost/users?_limit=3', '/users?_limit=+(3|5)', {
  debug: true,
})
// true (plus debug messages)
```

> ## GraphQL

Author: The idea is to keep the examples as simple as possible. This seems to be slightly more complex and an edge case, albeit an important one, so I'll make sure there's a blurb that links to this.

#### Aliasing individual requests

Aliases can be set on a per-request basis by setting the `alias` property of the intercepted request:

```js
cy.intercept('POST', '/graphql', (req) => {
  if (req.body.hasOwnProperty('query') && req.body.query.includes('mutation')) {
    req.alias = 'gqlMutation'
  }
})

// assert that a matching request has been made
cy.wait('@gqlMutation')

> ```

Author: I don't see how `req.alias` can be used outside of GraphQL

> ```

Reviewer: any situation where the user would want to dynamically alias a request - the user could be dynamically generating the alias name from some other criteria, which is the generic form of the graphql example.

it's difficult to think of a good real-world use case, but it's a part of the API and needs to be described outside of this application-specific example

> ```

Author: done

> ```

Reviewer: i don't see a standalone section for aliasing individual requests

> ```

Author: I didn't do a standalone section. I just updated an existing snippet. Unless you can think of an example outside of gql I don't think a dedicated section is warranted.

> ```

Reviewer: i guess then the only place this is documented is here: https://deploy-preview-3900--cypress-docs.netlify.app/api/commands/intercept#Request-object-properties

> ```

Author: It's fixed.
